<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:t="http://myfaces.apache.org/tomahawk"
      xmlns:d="http://dneero.com/taglib"

      >

<ui:composition template="/template/template-facelets.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="title">Researcher FAQ<br/><br/></ui:define>
    <ui:param name="navtab" value="researchers"/>
    <ui:define name="body">
    <d:authorization acl="public" redirectonfail="true"/>



    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">Why is this better than traditional market research?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    One critical flaw with traditional market research, especially when targeted to the youth-oriented market of the blogosphere, is that respondents know that they're speaking to a researcher and speak accordingly.  You're not hearing what they say behind closed doors with their friends.  With dNeero, however, bloggers know that their survey answers will be seen by their peers who are a much stronger influencer than you are as a researcher.  The result is that you see a much more accurate portrayal of your product in the real world.  This is ethnographic research applied to technological social networks.  Peek into the digital world that bloggers inhabit.  
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">Can I limit my budget?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    You set a maximum spending limit when you create your survey.  You're only accountable for that amount or less.
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">What if nobody takes my survey?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    You don't pay.  This is a low-risk technology.  If you want to, you can try again with a higher payment incentive for bloggers.  You only pay for the activity that your survey generates.
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">Can I embed product images, videos, etc into my survey?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    Yes.  This is a very powerful concept in our technology.  You can add a product photo or video that will appear when bloggers take your survey and when they post it to their blog.  Imagine having 5000 blogs spread a picture of your product along with their opinion on it.
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">Can I require positive reviews/opinions about my product?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    No way, Jose!  The blogosphere and market research are both built on honesty and integrity.  We will do everything in our power to maintain neutrality for our bloggers.  Doing so enhances the credibility of your marketing and market research.
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">What do I get as survey results?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    Both graphical and computer-formatted results are available.  Charts and graphs.  Percentages.  All the usuall stuff you'd expect.
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">Can I visit the blogs where my survey is posted?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    Absolutely!  When you see your results you'll get a list of those blogs where the survey was posted along with the number of times that the survey has been seen.  The powerful thing here is that you can get a much more palpable sense of what your customers/constituents are saying to their friends.
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">How much does it cost?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    You can create a survey as large or as small as you like and you'll be charged only for the activity that your survey generates.  dNeero charges a 25% survey management fee to use our technology and gain access to our existing pool of bloggers.
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">How/when am I charged?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    You're always in control of what's happening with your account.  When you set up a survey you cap the maximum amount that you can be charged.  Before you commit to any spend you are shown a clear breakdown of the maximum spending scenario.  Within the bounds that you design, here's what we do:
    <ul>
    <li>When you create your survey you're charged 20% of the total possible value of the survey.  This means 20% of the Max Possible Spend if you get as many survey respondents as you like and as many blog displays as you like.</li>
    <li>Additional charges will be made in 20% increments whenever your account balance falls below 10% of the sum of Max Possible Spend for all open surveys.  </li>
    <li>If your balance falls below 5% of the sum of Max Possible Spend values for all open surveys, then all surveys will be put on hold until your balance is increased.</li>
    </ul>
    </font>
    <br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">What if I still have a positive balance when my survey ends?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    In general we attempt to fulfill your survey order completely, meaning you'll have a zero balance.  But occasionally short-run surveys are closed while there's a positive balance in your account.  If there are no other surveys in your account that aren't Closed and if your balance is over $25 then we'll automatically send you your refund via PayPal.  This means that you need to have a PayPal account set up and configured in the Blogger Profile portion of your account.  Impressions on blogs will be paid for during a period extending 120 days from the end date of the survey, not to exceed the limits on impressions that you've set with your survey.  As such, dNeero will refund money after this period has ended.
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">What payment methods do you accept?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    Using your account online you can specify a credit card (Visa, MasterCard, Amex, Discover).  We'll charge this credit card in $10000 increments until you have a balance large enough to launch a survey (see above).  However, for large surveys please contact us directly to discuss other arrangements.
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">How many surveys a day is a blogger allowed to take?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    Five.
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    

    </ui:define>


</ui:composition>
</html>