<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:t="http://myfaces.apache.org/tomahawk"
      xmlns:d="http://dneero.com/taglib">

<ui:composition template="/template/template-facelets.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="title">Blogger FAQ<br/><br/></ui:define>
    <ui:define name="body">


    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">How does it work for bloggers?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    <ol>
    <li>Find a survey you're interested in.</li>
    <li>Fill out the survey.</li>
    <li>Post your survey answers to your blog.  It's a simple copy-and-paste operation.</li>
    <li>We pay you for your survey answers and for the number of people that read your blog.</li>
    </ol>
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">What are the requirements?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    <ul>
    <li>Your blog must be at least 90 days old</li>
    <li>Your blog must have at least 20 posts made in the last 90 days</li>
    <li>Your blog must be active with at least one post made per week</li>
    <li>We reserve the right to deny any post and cancel any account at any time for any reason</li>
    </ul>
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">Do I need to post positive reviews?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    Absolutely not!  You should post whatever you actually believe. dNeero will not allow advertisers to bias you in any way.  You are being paid for your time and your opinion... not for any particular opinion.
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">Will my blog readers know I was paid?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    Yes, they will.  Disclosure is an important element of the blogosphere that dNeero is committed to.  When you post your survey answers to your blog we'll include an unobtrusive but clear note that this survey was paid for.
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">How do blog readers feel about paid blog posts?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    Historically blog readers are very comfortable with paid blog posts as long as two conditions are met:
    <ol>
    <li>The fact that the payment is disclosed.</li>
    <li>Any bias created by the payment is discussed and understood.</li>
    </ol>
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">Can I post anything else with my survey answers?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    Absolutely!  The survey is just a starting point.  Think of it as a way for advertisers and market researchers to start the conversation with you... and as a way for you to start a conversation with your readers.  Go beyond the survey.  Discuss other thoughts you have about the product, concept, etc.  The more you share with your readers the happier we are.
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">Ok, but am I required to post any words with my survey?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    No, if you choose to you can simply fill out the survey and post the html we provide to your blog.
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">When do I get paid?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    Your account balance is updated immediately (or close to immediately).  We then must wait to collect payment from our researchers before we pay you.  We'd like to get a line of credit to foot the bill for bad researchers but at this time we can't do so.  There is some level of risk involved, but we believe it's relatively small and we're always working closely with researchers to make sure they intend to pay.
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->


    </ui:define>


</ui:composition>
</html>