<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:t="http://myfaces.apache.org/tomahawk"
      xmlns:d="http://dneero.com/taglib">

<ui:composition template="/template/template-facelets.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="title">Researcher FAQ<br/><br/></ui:define>
    <ui:define name="body">





    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">How does it work for researchers?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    <ol>
    <li>Create a survey using various question types.</li>
    <li>Define your target blogger demographic by birthdate, gender, ethnicity, marital status, income, education, state, city, profession and politics.</li>
    <li>Define how much you'll pay for a survey response and for 1000 posts of that survey response to a blog.  There are many incentive strategies you can implement.</li>
    <li>dNeero will publicize your survey and find bloggers who want to fill it out.</li>
    <li>You'll pay for only those responses and survey displays that happen.</li>
    </ol>
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">Why is this better than traditional market research?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    One critical flaw with traditional market research, especially when targeted to the youth-oriented market of the blogosphere, is that respondents know that they're speaking to a researcher and speak accordingly.  You're not hearing what they say behind closed doors with their friends.  With dNeero, however, bloggers know that their survey answers will be seen by their peers who are a much stronger influencer than you are as a researcher.  The result is that you see a much more accurate portrayal of your product in the real world.  This is ethnographic research applied to technological social networks.  Peek into the digital world that bloggers inhabit.  
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">Can I limit my budget?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    You set a maximum spending limit when you create your survey.  You're only accountable for that amount or less.
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">What if nobody takes my survey?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    You don't pay.  This is a low-risk technology.  If you want to, you can try again with a higher payment incentive for bloggers.
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">Can I embed product images, videos, etc into my survey?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    Yes.  This is a very powerful concept in our technology.  You can add a product photo or video that will appear when bloggers take your survey and when they post it to their blog.  Imagine having 5000 blogs spread a picture of your product along with their opinion on it.
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">Can I require positive reviews/opinions about my product?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    No way, Jose!  The blogosphere and market research are both built on honesty and integrity.  We will do everything in our power to maintain neutrality for our bloggers.  Doing so enhances the credibility of your marketing and market research.
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">What do I get as survey results?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    Both graphical and computer-formatted results are available.  Charts and graphs.  Percentages.  All the usuall stuff you'd expect.
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">Can I visit the blogs where my survey is posted?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    Absolutely!  When you see your results you'll get a list of those blogs where the survey was posted along with the number of times that the survey has been seen.  The powerful thing here is that you can get a much more palpable sense of what your customers/constituents are saying to their friends.
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">How am I billed/invoices?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    Each month an invoice is generated.  An invoice is a single bill that combines survey responses from multiple surveys, blog displays from multiple surveys and dNeero fees.
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    <!-- Start FAQ Question -->
    <font class="mediumfont" color="#333333">How is money I pay applied to invoices?</font>
    <br/>
    <font class="smallfont">
    Money is applied to invoices from oldest to newest invoice marking them as paid, unpaid or partially paid.
    </font>
    <br/><br/><br/>
    <!-- End FAQ Question -->

    </ui:define>


</ui:composition>
</html>